dança like you what's crackin geez as he
is in game of that is what was you
thinking today's video is gonna be yeah
man c.o.d advanced warfare is that the
nail in the coffin y'all been looking
for all y'all still buried a lot huh
y'all don't hear me I said is that the
nail in the coffin Oh y'all still
walking dead I'm talking about yo it's
time to admit it man it's over it's over
for call of duty man it's been over for
quite a while now I see all the crying
on youtube I go on YouTube oh man you
know I have to change my channel I had
to stop playing GTA of you horn ain't
you I see you motherfuckers out there
man you know that's what you get dumped
I'm gonna keep it real not the sonic a
hater I'm just keeping it a thousand I'm
gonna keep it a couple racks with you
how's that you get dog that's what
happens when you try to milk a cow man
you know a lot of y'all is in the
walking day y'all milk in zombies it's
been going for a while you know black
ops was the last hope for call of duty
that was it black ops one was like the
last call to duty I can remember sitting
there playing for a couple hours at a
time it's been over for a wild man but
anyway let's get straight into the stuff
man let's get to the nitty-gritty first
of all let's let's address the pc gamers
man first of all i would like to have a
moment of silence for PC gamers who
still think it's okay to play first
person shooters on PC that on council
let's have a moment of silence value
head amen ok back to business I told you
guys that if you have a first-person
shooter that comes out on console pc
gets no love i repeat if you have a
first-person shooter on console and it
comes out on pc pc gets no love why do I
say that well this saying that people
only brought 70 pardon me thirty-seven
thousand copies of call of duty and fan
warfare on PC and you want a patch yeah
we'll get back to that you know don't
hold your breath of course but anyway
we'll get back there now console gamers
are just straight up in our boy with the
game you know the games a piece of shit
man I hate to say it but you know I
didn't want to make this video and get
people mad but sometimes you gotta do it
you gotta go out my bed you don't want
to say it so yeah let's get straight to
the point you know I am the bad guy for
a reason because I bring you that news
like none other and the news is yeah
it's okay call of duty is no longer
trending it's no longer crack and it's
no longer pop and it's not what's hot on
the block if you were still playing
first-person shooters in this day and
age you know more power to you but if
you're playing call of duty man and you
know it's okay to let that go man you
still you in the 90s with that it's okay
to let that go man it's okay to step up
to new things now with that being said
of you know pc gamers good luck out
there you know I've been telling you all
along I've been telling us since i
started my channel first-person shooters
on pc do not rock as it's on console you
know the graphics is better but that's
all you're gonna get you gonna get a
little better control over shooting
motherfuckers but then you get the hacks
you get the cheeks you know you get the
fucking lack of support this is what i
was saying people was coming in the
comment section no but i'm saying you're
with my keyboard I kill this particular
shortening you go oh yah nice i'll
destroy console games yeah well guess
what you'll destroy console gamers when
you get a motherfucking patch for your
game love you the left it's funny dog is
so funny to see how people maneuver
nobody listens to me man when y'all
gonna realize I'm gents Radames Jim
strid honest my crystal ball is right
here you know you I'm gonna start paying
off for readings man matta fact y'all
gonna start paying me to give you our
readings that's what I meant to say cuz
i just got a little excited you know
talking my shit up you know what I'm
saying anyway let me get back on track
bottom line is this man call of duty is
a dead game what's happening is that
it's becoming East boy and a lot of
those corporate dudes have invested
money into this so they're promoting it
and pumping it down you guys throw
nothing wrong the truth is the people
behind color do you have jumped ship a
long time ago this is just people
recruiting money if you want to be a
part of that situation that's fine but
realize when you are in the walking dead
and when I say walking dead it's a
zombie game it's been dead a long time
ago yes reanimated they keep reading it
back but it's not alive it's a dead game
man you know and I hate to be the one to
bring this to you guys but somebody had
to do it a lot of dudes is afraid to say
this because they got afraid the pissed
off their subscribers because they built
their channels or that well i'm new to
youtube so guess what call of duty sucks
donkey dicks it's like various donkey
dicks and i can see that you know why
cuz I'm that new nigga that oh baby yeah
so you know good luck to you youtubers
that build your channels around that I
see y'all scrambling out there trying to
find new shit to doing games to play
good luck with job good luck with that
you know me but in the meantime make way
for me because I'm here now and I don't
play no call of duty i play that but
i'll play lightly I don't even think
it's worth putting on my channel like
that because the shit is a dead dog I
play that shit like three days and I put
that shit in the drawers just sitting it
matter of fact I should take a picture
ghosts I can't even open that shit so
anyway I digress this is your boy Jimmy
be gaming let me know what you think in
the comment section below get at me if
you don't like what I'm saying you agree
with me let me know what's good you know
I'm keeping it real ice all i could do
man so I like to do is tell y'all the
truth so you know let me know which I
think in the comment section below it's
your boy and I'm how a was cracking jeet
as she has in game of course thank you
for watching my video I see you made it
to the end I just want to say I
appreciate all the interaction you guys
have been showing me all my new
subscribers and on my date once
subscribers if you're new to my channel
of course please subscribe at the button
below if you see a video you want to
click on it please do so right now to
the left or the right e anyway this is
jimmy be gaming I appreciate the view I
appreciate the love I appreciate the
support and I'm out